quick update of README based on v17 (#792)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: README.md

Pediatric brain tumors are the most common solid tumors and the leading cause of cancer-related death in children.
Our ability to understand and successfully treat these diseases is hindered by small sample sizes due to the overall rarity of unique molecular subtypes and tainted grouped analyses resulting from misclassification.

> In September of 2018, the [Children's Brain Tumor Tissue Consortium](https://cbtn.org/) released the [Pediatric Brain Tumor Atlas (PBTA)](https://cbtn.org/pediatric-brain-tumor-atlas/), a genomic dataset (whole genome sequencing, whole exome sequencing, RNA sequencing, proteomic, and clinical data) for nearly 1,000 tumors, available from the [Gabriella Miller Kids First Portal](https://kidsfirstdrc.org/).

Reviewer: I assume we want to want to change the name as well as the link? Also added the abbreviation since it is used later. 
```suggestion
In September of 2018, the [Children's Brain Tumor Network (CBTN)](https://cbtn.org/) released the [Pediatric Brain Tumor Atlas (PBTA)](https://cbtn.org/pediatric-brain-tumor-atlas/), a genomic dataset (whole genome sequencing, whole exome sequencing, RNA sequencing, proteomic, and clinical data) for nearly 1,000 tumors, available from the [Gabriella Miller Kids First Portal](https://kidsfirstdrc.org/).
```
